Optionally read environment variable for VAST endpoint (#1714)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/features/1714--vast-endpoint-from-environment.md

> It's now possible to configure the VAST endpoint via environment variables by
> setting `VAST_ENDPOINT`. The setting gets merged with the following precedence:
> 1. CLI argument
> 2. Environment variables
> 3. Config files
> 4. Defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's now possible to configure the VAST endpoint as an environment variable
by setting `VAST_ENDPOINT`. This has higher precedence than setting
`vast.endpoint` in configuration files, but lower precedence than passing
`--endpoint=` on the command-line.
```
